Replication Controller Documentation (#121)
open-component-model/ocm-website: content/en/docs/controller-reference/replication-controller/component-subscription.md

```bash
 kubectl apply -f subscription.yaml
```
- 3. Run `kubectl get componentsubscriptions` to see the ComponentSubscription
```bash
NAME      AGE
podinfo   8s
```
- 4. Run `kubectl describe componentsubscription podinfo` to see the ComponentSubscription Status:
```bash
...
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:     2023-07-12T08:46:09Z
    Message:                  Reconciliation success
    Observed Generation:      1
    Reason:                   Succeeded
    Status:                   True
    Type:                     Ready
  Last Applied Version:       6.3.6
  Observed Generation:        1
  Replicated Repository URL:  ghcr.io/phoban01/foo
```

## Writing a ComponentSubscription spec

As with all other Kubernetes config, an ComponentSubscription needs `apiVersion`, `kind`, and `metadata` fields. The name of an ComponentSubscription object must be a valid DNS subdomain name.

An ComponentSubscription also needs a `.spec` [section](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status).

### Component

> `.spec.component` is a required field that specifies the name of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.spec.component` is a required field that specifies the component's name.
```

### Version

> `.spec.semver` specifies a semantic version constraint that is used to determine the range of versions to be replicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.spec.semver` specifies a semantic version constraint used to determine the range of versions to be replicated.
```

### Source Repository

> `.spec.source` is a required field that provides the necessary configuration for the `replication-controller` to access the OCI repository where the source component versions are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.spec.source` is a required field configuring the `replication-controller` to access the OCI repository where the source component versions are stored.
```

### Source Repository URL

> `.spec.source.url` is a required field that denoting the registry in which the source OCM components are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.spec.source.url` is a required field denoting the registry in which the source OCM components are stored.
```

### Source Repository Secret Reference

`.spec.source.secretRef.name` is an optional field to specify a name reference to a Secret in the same namespace as the ComponentSubscription, containing authentication credentials for the OCI repository.

This secret is expected to contain the keys `username` and `password`. You can create such a secret using `kubectl`:

Note: that for a publicly accessible source repository, you don’t need to provide credentials.

```bash
kubectl create secret generic registry-credentials --from-literal=username=$GITHUB_USER --from-literal=password=$GITHUB_TOKEN
```

### Destination Repository

> `.spec.destination` is an optional field that provides the necessary configuration for the `replication-controller` to access destination repository into which components will be replicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.spec.destination` is an optional field that provides the necessary configuration for the `replication-controller` to access the destination repository into which components will be replicated.
```

```bash
stern replication-controller -n ocm-system | grep ComponentSubscription
```

will output the following log stream:

```bash
replication-controller-76848b97c5-4flrl manager 2023-07-12T10:13:05Z    LEVEL(-4)       credentials configured  {"controller": "componentsubscription", "controllerGroup": "delivery.ocm.software", "controllerKind": "ComponentSubscription", "ComponentSubscription": {"name":"podinfo","namespace":"default"}, "namespace": "default", "name": "podinfo", "reconcileID": "a9eeba17-a533-4dc7-81fd-af97096d60aa"}
replication-controller-76848b97c5-4flrl manager 2023-07-12T10:13:06Z    ERROR   Reconciler error        {"controller": "componentsubscription", "controllerGroup": "delivery.ocm.software", "controllerKind": "ComponentSubscription", "ComponentSubscription": {"name":"podinfo","namespace":"default"}, "namespace": "default", "name": "podinfo", "reconcileID": "a9eeba17-a533-4dc7-81fd-af97096d60aa", "error": "failed to get latest component version: no matching versions found for constraint '>=7.3.x'"}
```

## ComponentSubscription Status

### Observed Generation

> The replication-controller reports an observed generation in the ComponentSubscription’s `.status.observedGeneration`. The observed generation is the latest `.metadata.generation` which resulted in either a ready state, or stalled due to error it can not recover from without human intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The replication-controller reports an observed generation in the ComponentSubscription's `.status.observedGeneration`. The observed generation is the latest `.metadata.generation`, which resulted in either a ready state or stalled due to an error it can not recover from without human intervention.
```

### Conditions

> ComponentSubscription has various states during its lifecycle, reflected as Kubernetes Conditions. It can be reconciling while fetching the remote ComponentSubscription or verifying signatures, it can be ready, or it can fail during reconciliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ComponentSubscription has various states during its lifecycle, reflected as Kubernetes Conditions. These are as follows:
- reconciling
- signature verification
- ready
- failed reconciling
```

What do you think?

### Last Applied Version

> The LastAppliedVersion field holds information regarding the most up-to-date version that has been successfully replicated to the destination repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LastAppliedVersion` field holds information regarding the most up-to-date version that has been successfully replicated to the destination repository.
```

### Replicated Repository URL

> Replicated repository URL holds information regarding the URL of the repository into which the last applied version has been replicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ReplicatedRepositoryURL` holds information regarding the repository's URL into which the last applied version has been replicated.
```
